what was it really if it wasn't money
that was more important than you were
booze and what did the booze
represent avoiding avoiding his feelings
avoiding his
helplessness so avoiding his
helplessness was more important than you
yeah why do I resist money so much money
yeah it's tied in into the love for my
my want of love for my
dad that podcast where you talked about
that that realization it
just I almost fell down on the ground
walking my dogs and started
crying was
so I I I recall the moment when that
happened for me please tell
me my dad was a got drunk a lot
and uh and he made a deal he was going
to you know not get drunk every
weekend and pay me
$200 if he did so I was I was up to
1,200 bucks and going you know I got
this deal made this is this is working
great seven years
old I started brag I was bragging about
it in front of the family and he just
went nuts
and that was the end of that and I
really powerfully feels like seems like
I locked that in like the money is more
important than I
am
ah yeah what was it really if it wasn't
money that was more important than you
were
booze and what did the booze
represent avoiding avoiding his feelings
avoiding his
helplessness so avoiding his
helplessness was more important than you
yeah and that moment when he was like
pissed because you were bragging
about that 1,200
bucks what was more important than you
at that moment
he was
ashamed was the shame was more important
not feeling the shame avoiding the Shame
by getting angry yeah
raging
yeah and and so what's your issue with
money when I love what I'm doing I don't
make any
money and when I hate what I'm doing
I've made lots and lots of money
so I love what I'm doing
now
yeah it's a bit of a
struggle do you do you need
money yeah
okay and what are you doing right
now I'm a coach
H public
speaking public speaking coach yeah
and so it's hard to make money because
what people aren't public
speaking Yeah no one's speaking
anymore what is it that like what's hard
about making money here in P in coaching
public
speaking just cash flow CL clients
getting enough C
sence how much are
you how much are you making shame more
important
[Music]
than much
more and how much are you making
avoidance more important
than you slash money
either you're really a crappy
coach or you are not marketing
yourself I'm going to assume it's the
second and so that would be
avoidance due to
shame
oh yeah
even now the shame is
there if you look at me do you do you
see that I'm ashamed of
you no if you look at all the people do
you see that they're ashamed of you
for how do you want to Market yourself
give me like three adjectives that would
make you excited to let people
know what you
do
authentic honest yeah
blunt yeah I bet you teach those things
in your public
speaking
Yeah so you know it all you know how to
Market yourself if you know how to do
public speaking you know how to Market
yourself it's the same principles
yeah that's
embarrassing it's
human pleasure